Hey there! I'm ***Sam Brew*** (*arctic-hen7*), a **fullstack web developer**, **distributed systems designer**, and budding **economist**! I work mostly with Rust in terms of programming, though I'm fluent in JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML/CSS/etc., Elm, Bash, Python, and plenty of others I've touched at some stage over the last few years. I've been programming since I was about eleven, working on various different projects, most of which have ended up as zip files on an old hard drive. A few of my notable projects are [Perseus](https://github.com/framesurge/perseus) (a Rust web development framework), [Andromeda](https://github.com/framesurge/andromeda) (a backend framework for building flexible APIs very quickly; a work-in-progress), [Lykros]() (work-in-progress; a general cryptographic data protection system that provides fine-grained access control and extreme security for databases), and [Kolaris]() (work-in-progress; a distributed storage and computation platform).

I'm also the founder of [*Framesurge*](https://github.com/framesurge), an organisation devoted to building frameworks and general solutions to complex problems in tech, which currently stewards both Perseus and Andromeda.

Additionally, I'm an economist (or rather, I will be eventually), and I'm currently working on a number of papers in the field at the moment, regarding in particular the structural level of wage inequality necessary in a society, and the global monetary mismanagement of the 2021-22 inflation crisis. My views are quite libertarian, and I'm generally a proponent of minimising the role of government in society through proper analysis of the incentives in society. On this site, you'll find all sorts of blog posts analysing the ways we could govern parts of our society better. That said, I don't tend to fit into a nice political box, as my social views are generally fairly progressive.

Although others may disagree, I view most of my work as fundamentally falling into the category of 'future-building': I want to build solutions to the problems of today so that we can work more efficiently as a species tomorrow, and I am committed to the betterment of the human condition everywhere it settles itself. Whether that comes through contributing to the field of economics, mathematics, government, or distributed systems design, I will pursue it to the best of my ability.

Most of my projects have their own contact mechanisms, most through GitHub (including my academic work, as I'm a strong believer in open academia), though, if you'd like to contact me directly about a collaboration, opportunity, or anything else, you can reach me at [arctic.hen@pm.me](mailto:arctic.hen@pm.me). 

I'm currently in the interim period between high school and university. In terms of my high school subjects, I studied English Extension 2 (the highest level of English, which involves the creation of a unique major work on a topic of your choice, mine was on the dichotomy in political rhetoric), Mathematics Extension 1 (the second-highest level of maths), Biology, Economics, and Latin. I feel very strongly about education, finding myself often disengaged in classes throughout my life, and I am a strong proponent of learning based around children's own interests and projects: I distinctly recall receiving my reference from my school and noting that it included nothing about my own projects, which were by far my greatest achievements in the time I was in high school. I'm currently writing a short book on the idea, called (the working title) *Lowest Common Denominator: The State of Our Schools*. While in high school, I also placed third in the nation in the Australian Computational and Linguistics Olympiad in Year 10, and I made the national team in the Australian Economics Olympiad in Year 12 (though the international round was cancelled due to Russia's egregious assault on Ukraine). Additionally, I was a member of a great many musical groups, and I played the violin until Year 10, and I sing as a classical tenor and play the flute to this day.

Finally, I had troubles with mental health during the first Covid-19 lockdown in Australia, back in 2020, which I was able to come out of by turning my attention to my purpose in this world. That, and a desire to do better in exams, led me to eventually schedule every minute of every day, which has made me productive enough to want to write a book on productivity, entitled *Molitionism: The Untaught Art of Living*, with molitionism (from the Latin *molior*, meaning *I strive*) being a better version of perfectionism: rather than trying to *be* perfect, one simply *strives* continually to be perfect, in the full knowledge that perfection is unattainable by definition. While I certainly enjoy being productive, I see that as one aspect of the larger discipline of self-improvement, not in the sense of the ever-touted self-help, but in the sense of a continued attention to oneself with the aim of improving oneself. The analogy I typically use to describe this is that an economy has cyclical and structural components: the cyclical ones are those that come and go naturally, whereas the structural ones relate to *how* the economy deals with things. Focusing solely on cyclical improvements gets you nowhere in the long-run, but an attention to slow, long-term structural improvement can lead to exceptional growth in wellbeing.

That pretty much sums me up, for now!
